address multiple typos (#2059)
samtools/bcftools: doc/bcftools.txt

    alleles, vector fields pertaining to unobserved alleles are set to missing ('.') by default.
    The 'METHOD' is one of '.' (the default, use missing values), 'NUMBER' (use a constant value, e.g. 0),
    'max' (the maximum value observed for other alleles in the sample). When *--gvcf* option is set,
    the rule *-M PL:max,AD:0* is implied. This can be overridden with providing *-M -* or *-M PL:.,AD:.*.
    Note that if the unobserved allele is explicitly present as '<*>' or '<NON_REF>', then its corresponding
    value will be used regardless of *-M* settings.

*--no-index*::

>     the option allows the merge of files without indexing them first. In order for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the option allows files to be merged without indexing them first. In order for this
```
